
---
date: 2023-09-20
tags: meeting
summary: 
attendees: Jon Bauer
---

> [!note] Agenda + Notes
> 


1. **Give me an example of a time when you were able to deliver an important launch under a tight deadline**. What sacrifices did you have to make to meet the deadline? How did they impact the final deliverable? What was the final outcome?

At Snappy Kraken, he started 3 weeks before a launch (text messaging). He was the founding PMM and had to define everything - date we're working against, what are the things that need to happen, who needs to be involved, etc. Worked with Marketing, Product, MOPs, etc - got eveyrone into a room to align on workback schedule. Kept tight alignment on schedule.

He was ultimately able to deliver the launch on time and executed successfully. 

*Prompt: What success criteria did you ahve and what were the results?*

With tight deadlines, the main success criteria was engagement and how many people would go into the system and utilize the feature. Set target at 200 unique users and achieved ~250. This helped the team confirm customer interest and worked with customers to refine messages.

2. **Tell me about a time when a product you brought to market had a pipeline/revenue target you were tasked with delivering.** What stakeholders did you partner with internally? What unexpected learnings did you uncover? What would you do differently next time?

At Snappy, they grew through acquisition and had a challenge of remessaging the company to be a combination of the acquisitions. They created a new product that was all 3 acquisitions in 1 product, prioritized support, etc. There was some resistance from leadership, but they provided insights to support why they expected this to be a successful project. The alignment with leadership was they would achieve a certain revenue target 

This caused Jon to focus on messaging, strategy, and internal alignment to make sure all that was "shored up and watertight" so the launch exceeded the target. Worked with these teams to refine time to value, the plan, the content they have for it. 

During campaign Jon listened for signals to modify the campaign.

*Prompt: what would you do differently, what did you learn?*

Being able to give a unique way of saying SK was offering a "white glove" service that includes everything. Learned importance of testing, incorporating customer feedback, etc.

*Prompt: anything you'd do different next time?*

Leaning into heavy messaging breakdowns of what the competition is saying. Saying things in a way that's different

3. **Tell me about a time when you had significant, unanticipated obstacles to overcome in achieving a goal?** What was the obstacle? Were you eventually successful? Knowing what you know now, is there anything you would have done differently?

Compass, he owned a compliance/finance tool for agents to use. It's very complicated and wordy to explain. When they brought it in house, they were getting great feedback/info and rolled it out regionally (because of la

ws). Unanticipated obstacle: there were a few regions that wouldn't use it because of trust.

Action: Jon worked with teams/customers in these regions to understand what was driving that lack of trust. Found some of it was language and some of it was regional jargon that made the product seem less valuable to those regions. Redoing the messaging removed that roadblock and enabled the team to proceed with a smooth launch.

4. **Tell me about a time when you were trying to understand a complex problem on your team and you had to dig into the details to figure it out.** Who did you talk with or where did you have to look to find the most valuable information? How did you use that information to help solve the problem?

Snappy, there was a redesign being put into place of the entire platform. This didn't make sense to Jon because there were other higher priority issues on the roadmap. He worked with the product team to understand the prioritization and why this was more important to the product team than he would've anticipated.

By digging in with this team, he was able to earn trust with product and understand the whole story of intentions and the technical aspects that would make that redesign more impactful more broadly than the feature updates he originally perceived as more important.

He then did a lot of internal marketing to simplify his understanding and communciated that through the organization.

> [!todo] Action Items

